Added TextInputInterface.text-input-focused (#2539)
slint-ui/slint: docs/language/src/builtins/globals.md

> # Builtin Globals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Builtin Global Singletons
```

## `TextInputInterface`

> The `TextInputInterface.text-input-focused` property can be used to find out if a `TextInput` has the focus
> which means that the virtual keyboard should be shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TextInputInterface.text-input-focused` property can be used to find out if a `TextInput` element has the focus. If you're implementing your own virtual keyboard, this property is an indicator whether the virtual keyboard should be shown or hidden.
```

### Properties

> -   **`text-input-focused`** (_bool_): There is currently one `TextInput` that has the focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`text-input-focused`** (_bool_): True if an `TextInput` element has the focus; false otherwise.
```
